Husband manager
Why are you here?
This delivery guy broke our jade bracelet.
I'm asking him to lose money.
Nonsense
I can see clearly from outside
I clearly saw that you broke it.
Return the account to someone else.
manager
Excuse me, Miss.
It was the fault of the staff in our store.
We will compensate you for a jade bracelet of the same style.
Hurry up and get the jade bracelet
This jade bracelet
I'll pay you, sorry?
No, this bracelet is worth 500,000
Just figure out the truth
It is indeed us who have caused inconvenience to your work.
Please be sure to accept it
Since they insist on apologizing
Take it then.
Manager, why is this?
He's just a delivery guy.
bullshit
Isn't it a decent job to deliver food?
Delivery is fine. Do you mean humiliation when you say humiliation?
Tell you that you are fired from now on
There is also compensation for the original price of the jade bracelet case.
Do you want to wait for jail?
What!
Although this is indeed the employee's fault
But why do I always feel
Is there something wrong with this manager?
This jade bracelet is worth 500,000 say it will be given away
Are you trying to set us up?
Say we stole it then
At least it's such a big mall
There are surveillance cameras around, no
That's right
But why are you here?
I'm here to buy something for the kids.
But how did you start delivering takeout?
I want to make more money.
Don't work so hard
You see the clothes are dirty
I'll take you to buy a dress. Okay.
I really took the jade bracelet.
Of course, of course.
Walk slowly, you two, walk slowly.
Hey, take your time.
Something without eyes
That's our president.
Madam President, you dare to provoke
I see you really ate the bear heart and the leopard hit you
He is
Mrs. President